Remove evercrypt (#1402)
openmls/openmls: book/src/traits/traits.md

Because implementing the `OpenMLSCryptoProvider` is challenging, requires
tremendous care, and is not what the average OpenMLS consumer wants to (or should) do,

> we provide one implementations that can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we provide a implementation that can be used.
```
